Make money with your own hands
Feed yourself happy and fulfilled
You can't feel it at all
You will only rely on home
It's a man.
pretentious
Long straight irritating
Whoops, you're a maid who really puts yourself up
Look at this poverty, it has become fulfilling
What else do you want?
You must be able to cook
You are such a good cook.
I will definitely do laundry
For women like you
I don't deserve to be at this party at all
Go back and do your laundry.
Don't be here.
Dawn can't get wet here
Really cool
Sure enough, she is a daughter who does not touch the sun and spring water
The lady takes the champagne lady
You know
What to do is the most patient
What is it, soy sauce?
Dawn, I will avenge you
All kindergarten children know
You can't dry some food for me to eat
Why did Zaizai buy bells?
Okay, are we going to help?
Just beautiful.